com/xyqlx/paddydoctor/ui/ActionBarUtils.java
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.ui.ActionBarUtils
com/xyqlx/paddydoctor/ui/history/HistoryRecyclerAdapter.java
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.ui.history.HistoryRecyclerAdapter
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.ui.history.HistoryRecyclerAdapter$1
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.ui.history.HistoryRecyclerAdapter$HistoryItemHolder
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.ui.history.HistoryRecyclerAdapter$HistoryItemHolder$1
com/xyqlx/paddydoctor/ui/login/LoginFormState.java
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.ui.login.LoginFormState
com/xyqlx/paddydoctor/ui/home/HomeViewModel.java
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.ui.home.HomeViewModel
com/xyqlx/paddydoctor/customview/AutoFitTextureView.java
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.customview.AutoFitTextureView
com/xyqlx/paddydoctor/env/Utils.java
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.env.Utils
com/xyqlx/paddydoctor/data/LoginRepository.java
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.data.LoginRepository
com/xyqlx/paddydoctor/env/Size.java
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.env.Size
com/xyqlx/paddydoctor/env/Logger.java
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.env.Logger
com/xyqlx/paddydoctor/ui/home/ImageAdapter.java
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.ui.home.ImageAdapter
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.ui.home.ImageAdapter$BannerViewHolder
com/xyqlx/paddydoctor/ui/login/LoginViewModelFactory.java
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.ui.login.LoginViewModelFactory
com/xyqlx/paddydoctor/ui/notifications/NotificationsFragment.java
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.ui.notifications.NotificationsFragment
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.ui.notifications.NotificationsFragment$1
com/xyqlx/paddydoctor/ui/login/LoginActivity.java
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.ui.login.LoginActivity
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.ui.login.LoginActivity$1
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.ui.login.LoginActivity$2
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.ui.login.LoginActivity$3
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.ui.login.LoginActivity$4
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.ui.login.LoginActivity$4$1
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.ui.login.LoginActivity$5
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.ui.login.LoginActivity$5$1
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.ui.login.LoginActivity$6
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.ui.login.LoginActivity$6$1
com/xyqlx/paddydoctor/tflite/YoloV5Classifier.java
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.tflite.YoloV5Classifier
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.tflite.YoloV5Classifier$1
com/xyqlx/paddydoctor/ui/home/HomeFragment.java
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.ui.home.HomeFragment
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.ui.home.HomeFragment$1
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.ui.home.HomeFragment$1$1
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.ui.home.HomeFragment$1$2
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.ui.home.HomeFragment$2
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.ui.home.HomeFragment$2$1
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.ui.home.HomeFragment$2$2
com/xyqlx/paddydoctor/env/BorderedText.java
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.env.BorderedText
com/xyqlx/paddydoctor/ui/dashboard/DashboardViewModel.java
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.ui.dashboard.DashboardViewModel
com/xyqlx/paddydoctor/ui/login/LoggedInUserView.java
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.ui.login.LoggedInUserView
com/xyqlx/paddydoctor/PhotoActivity.java
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.PhotoActivity
com/xyqlx/paddydoctor/BuildConfig.java
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.BuildConfig
com/xyqlx/paddydoctor/CameraActivity.java
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.CameraActivity
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.CameraActivity$1
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.CameraActivity$2
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.CameraActivity$3
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.CameraActivity$4
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.CameraActivity$5
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.CameraActivity$6
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.CameraActivity$7
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.CameraActivity$8
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.CameraActivity$9
com/xyqlx/paddydoctor/customview/RecognitionScoreView.java
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.customview.RecognitionScoreView
com/xyqlx/paddydoctor/ui/dashboard/CircleImageView.java
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.ui.dashboard.CircleImageView
com/xyqlx/paddydoctor/LegacyCameraConnectionFragment.java
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.LegacyCameraConnectionFragment
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.LegacyCameraConnectionFragment$1
com/xyqlx/paddydoctor/tracking/MultiBoxTracker.java
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.tracking.MultiBoxTracker
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.tracking.MultiBoxTracker$1
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.tracking.MultiBoxTracker$TrackedRecognition
com/xyqlx/paddydoctor/data/Result.java
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.data.Result
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.data.Result$1
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.data.Result$Error
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.data.Result$Success
com/xyqlx/paddydoctor/customview/OverlayView.java
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.customview.OverlayView
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.customview.OverlayView$DrawCallback
com/xyqlx/paddydoctor/data/model/LoginUser.java
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.data.model.LoginUser
com/xyqlx/paddydoctor/ui/login/LoginResult.java
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.ui.login.LoginResult
com/xyqlx/paddydoctor/ui/dashboard/DashboardFragment.java
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.ui.dashboard.DashboardFragment
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.ui.dashboard.DashboardFragment$1
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.ui.dashboard.DashboardFragment$2
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.ui.dashboard.DashboardFragment$2$1
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.ui.dashboard.DashboardFragment$3
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.ui.dashboard.DashboardFragment$3$1
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.ui.dashboard.DashboardFragment$SpinnerSelectedListener
com/xyqlx/paddydoctor/ui/login/LoginViewModel.java
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.ui.login.LoginViewModel
com/xyqlx/paddydoctor/ui/history/HistoryActivity.java
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.ui.history.HistoryActivity
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.ui.history.HistoryActivity$1
com/xyqlx/paddydoctor/env/ImageUtils.java
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.env.ImageUtils
com/xyqlx/paddydoctor/ui/home/DataBean.java
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.ui.home.DataBean
com/xyqlx/paddydoctor/ui/notifications/NotificationsViewModel.java
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.ui.notifications.NotificationsViewModel
com/xyqlx/paddydoctor/data/model/LoggedInUser.java
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.data.model.LoggedInUser
com/xyqlx/paddydoctor/tflite/Classifier.java
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.tflite.Classifier
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.tflite.Classifier$Recognition
com/xyqlx/paddydoctor/tflite/DetectorFactory.java
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.tflite.DetectorFactory
com/xyqlx/paddydoctor/ui/profile/ProfileActivity.java
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.ui.profile.ProfileActivity
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.ui.profile.ProfileActivity$1
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.ui.profile.ProfileActivity$ProfileTextWatcher
com/xyqlx/paddydoctor/MainActivity.java
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.MainActivity
com/xyqlx/paddydoctor/DetectorActivity.java
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.DetectorActivity
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.DetectorActivity$1
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.DetectorActivity$2
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.DetectorActivity$2$1
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.DetectorActivity$2$2
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.DetectorActivity$3
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.DetectorActivity$DetectorMode
com/xyqlx/paddydoctor/customview/ResultsView.java
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.customview.ResultsView
com/xyqlx/paddydoctor/data/model/HistoryItem.java
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.data.model.HistoryItem
com/xyqlx/paddydoctor/tflite/YoloV5ClassifierDetect.java
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.tflite.YoloV5ClassifierDetect
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.tflite.YoloV5ClassifierDetect$1
com/xyqlx/paddydoctor/BottomNavigationActivity.java
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.BottomNavigationActivity
com/xyqlx/paddydoctor/FlaskServerService.java
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.FlaskServerService
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.FlaskServerService$HttpConfig
com/xyqlx/paddydoctor/ui/home/ExpandableListviewAdapter.java
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.ui.home.ExpandableListviewAdapter
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.ui.home.ExpandableListviewAdapter$1
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.ui.home.ExpandableListviewAdapter$ChildViewHolder
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.ui.home.ExpandableListviewAdapter$GroupViewHolder
com/xyqlx/paddydoctor/CameraConnectionFragment.java
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.CameraConnectionFragment
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.CameraConnectionFragment$1
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.CameraConnectionFragment$2
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.CameraConnectionFragment$3
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.CameraConnectionFragment$4
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.CameraConnectionFragment$5
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.CameraConnectionFragment$CompareSizesByArea
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.CameraConnectionFragment$ConnectionCallback
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.CameraConnectionFragment$ErrorDialog
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.CameraConnectionFragment$ErrorDialog$1
com/xyqlx/paddydoctor/data/LoginDataSource.java
 com.xyqlx.paddydoctor.data.LoginDataSource
